CMake: Rename CMake targets (#13803)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: drivers/device_key/CMakeLists.txt

# Copyright (c) 2020 ARM Limited. All rights reserved.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

> # This is specific driver for mbed-storage, it is not part of mbed-os target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is a specific driver for mbed-storage, it is not part of mbed-core target.
```

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/compare/a178bb8059bad021e6e41fac7541be54d91b5124..b1512ce6155be1f7d5650d3757aa817872d5ea41).
